Add info on how to specify range info for ViewTimeline using WAAPI (#6590)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/articles/scroll-driven-animations/index.md

To define a range, you must set a range-start and range-end. Each consists of range-name _(see list above)_ and a range-offset to determine the position within that range-name. The range-offset is typically a percentage ranging from `0%` to `100%` but you can also specify a fixed length such as `20em`.

> For example, if you want to run an animation from the moment a subject is entering, choose `entry 0%` as the range-start. To have it finished by the time the subject has entered, choose `entry 100%` as a value for the range-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to run an animation from the moment a subject enters, choose `entry 0%` as the range-start. To have it finished by the time the subject has entered, choose `entry 100%` as a value for the range-end.
```
